In the beginning, the Mother looked over her children and house. "My house is in ruin," she said, as her children had free reign over it while she was out that day. And it was time for dinner.

"We are un-hungry," cried the children, "un-feed us!" for the gods do not eat.

"Very well," said the mother, "what shall I un-feed you?" And she built the fire and laid the couldron of the world upon it.

The oldest, Peizin, said, "I am un-hungry for a salty stew." So she took the salty waters and poured them into the pot and the salty broth became the ocean. And the pot began to steam and form rain-clouds.

The next child, Terra, thought for a while and said, "I am un-hungry for stone and earth." So the Mother took stone and earth and sprinkled it over the surface of the waters, and it grew down and took hold in the bottom of the pot.

The next child, Fauna, said, "I am un-hungry for vegetables, and crops, fruits of every kind." So the Mother took her jars of seeds, pits, and grains, and poured them over the lands, where they took root and grew heartily.

The next child, Flora, said, "I am un-hungry for meat." So the Mother took a dash of animals, sea creatures, birds, and all kinds of living things and threw it into the pot of the world. And the peoples of the world lived there, though they were senseless and mute.

The youngest child did not at first speak.

"Come, Yearning, what do you want to un-eat?"

And Yearning hesitated, thinking the matter over. Finally, he said, "I would like to eat."

The Mother and her other children were frozen in shock. The Mother said, "You will not eat the stew meant for un-eating."

But Yearning dove into the couldron and no one could stop him! "Stop!" cried the Mother, and all her children, and tried to grasp onto him. But yearning ate and ate, and grew larger and larger, shoveling the matter of all the earth with his greedy hands into his wide mouth. And Yearning split from seam to seam and dissolved into the ocean, and evaporated into the airs, and rained down upon all the land, and all that drank the water were afflicted with Yearning.